chore: remove unnecessary instances of "clerk" (#1688)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/organizations/viewing-memberships.mdx

---

> [!CAUTION]

> > This guide is for users who want to build a _custom_ user interface using the Clerk API. To view the list of a user's organization memberships using a _prebuilt_ UI, you should use the [`<OrganizationList/>`](/docs/components/organization/organization-list) component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This guide is for users who want to build a _custom_ user interface using Clerk's API. To update organizations using a _prebuilt_ UI, you should use the [prebuilt components](/docs/components/overview).
```
